[Music]
[Applause]
have you been feeling have you been
sleeping any better Oh rough then you
can I never said well before hoes
condition condition that's cool
pregnancy it's okay to say have loud
[Music]
some things Huck can you just please
drive did you see some bad
[Applause]
what's going on you can describe seen an
entity that takes on a foam of your
worst fears
[Applause]
we can't stay here every contact we have
had with the outside has brought us
death here kids they deserve hope every
single decision I have made has been for
them
[Music]
listen to me
we're going on the trip now it's going
to be rough
if you hear something in the woods you
tell me
if you hear something in the water you
under no circumstance are you allowed to
take off your blindfold
[Applause]
you
[Music]